hi guys it's vlogmas day 8 now I've been
doing part vlogmas on my iphone channel
hold on you guys are dirty and the other
part on other iJustine and I just
updated a little playlist today another
iJustine and um I had a good weekend
it's kind of a chill relaxed weekend I
was not feeling well at all yesterday so
basically the vlogmas clips from
yesterday is sort of a combination of
some clips that kind of forgot to edit
in two previous videos um I've got some
minecraft encoding right now to post
it's only two videos but me and Ryan are
gonna play some survival we're gonna
continue that little series that we did
before and we never finished well
thankfully I'm feeling better though and
we went to the grocery store today and I
found these candles that are pretty much
the most fantastic things that I've ever
seen in my life so you you like if it's
a normal still worm from smells so good
but watch the magic that is this candle
like it's just look at this do you guys
see this
this candle changes colors
how can you see this better no it looks
pretty great haven't even lipped this
one yet so this one's real fresh look at
this I my mind is like blown like it's
so cool
but this is so sweet
how do you do this you're amazing it
looks like there's like this little
plastic gotta miss burn my hair like a
little plastic something right that runs
right next to it that is also burning I
don't care it's freaking awesome
I am really glad that I got a couch in
here now because it just makes this room
not feel like a jail cell because it
really did I would just be like sitting
here working and it's just a jail cell I
think I also have to tell you guys I
don't know I'm gonna be recording I'm
not recording gonna be shooting some
cooking videos tomorrow and actually
making some videos so oh there any
videos you guys would like me to bake we
got it's like past my bedtime
try to think of what else I was gonna do
it's almost Christmas I can't believe it
I have to pick my Xbox one winner which
I think I've already picked one so
that's gonna be exciting really excited
um it's really it it's kind of a boring
vlogmas I just ordered some pizza one of
these days I promise I will clean those
steps
I think somebody tweeted me they're like
Justin you know there's one thing that
I've seen in all of your videos however
they phrase it there's there's something
that I've never seen before and that's
clean steps I know I also finished the
second Hunger Games I'm on the third one
now basically I finished these three
books in I will finish them in less than
a week I don't know if that's a good
thing I'm not sure I like I like it but
if I don't like having seen the movies
first and then reading the books because
I like when I read a book picturing my
own characters and I don't like
picturing the people that they chose in
the movie like I don't like it I don't
like picturing that I like - I like my
to have my own imagination and they like
I look those candles look at him very
burnin my Steve Jobs picture trying to
make it focus idea great idea I love it
it's really freaking great it's just
look at him some more let's just look at
it again look I just change color
well great idea and then they just go
out just like that how do you guys do
this really impressed well it's all I've
got for you guys today I'll probably do
some fun things tomorrow so hopefully
this vlog miss will be a little bit more
exciting I like watching the stuff in
code you see the thumb that I did I
played for this one this last video that
I posted would probably have been almost
45 minutes and I had added it down to
not 45 minutes all right love you guys
I'll see you soon and hopefully have
some fun videos for you tomorrow